Update outdated statement from `math` about C standard (#134621)
python/cpython: Doc/library/math.rst

--------------

> These functions cannot be used with complex numbers; use the functions of the

Reviewer: Now this sentence seems weird. What "functions"? I think we should say that provides access to mathematical functions defined by the C standard **and others**. Or we can use the same sentence as for `math.h` on https://cplusplus.com/reference/cmath/:

>  Header <cmath> declares a set of functions to compute common mathematical operations and transformations:

Author: The "mathematical functions" in `math` that were just written in big letters :)

<img width="832" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1d1aff3f-6ff7-430b-a2ef-520eb91cda92" />

https://cpython-previews--134621.org.readthedocs.build/en/134621/library/math.html

Do you think it's not clear?

Reviewer: I personally don't think it's clear because I don't see the title as being tied with the first sentence. Maybe it's because I'm not native, but even in French I wouldn't referred to something that I said in a title. I also like the fact that we have a brief sentence starting with "This module" or something like that (AFAICT, it's a common way to introduce modules)

Reviewer 2: I agree with @picnixz; I'd rephrase to something like "the functions in this module".

Also the title is pedantically wrong, since `math.pi` exists and is not a function.

Author: Like this?

```suggestion
The functions in this module cannot be used with complex numbers; use the functions of the
```

Reviewer: I think it's better. However, I feel like it's a bit abrupt as an introduction because we directly say "this module cannot do that". While it could be overpedantic, I would have a sentence like that:

```rst
This module provides access to common mathematical functions and constants. These functions cannot however be used with complex numbers; use the functions of the [...]
```

Reviewer 3: > common mathematical functions and constants

That's not better than just say that module has "some mathematical functions and constants".  Vague sentence, that doesn't describe module content at all (c.f. original phrase).

Author: @skirpichev What do you suggest?

Reviewer 3: Probably you should describe which other functions people can expect here, beyond math.h wrappers.  I don't have good suggestions on this road - that's why we have a PEP.

Reviewer 4: ```diff
-This module provides access to the mathematical functions defined by the C
-standard.
+This module provides access to common mathematical functions and constants,
+including those defined by the C standard.
```

Author: Added in 1043f269d5da492d7af798912aeb2b9f8551178e.
